Price with total confidence — because everything about Magppie pricing is fixed, transparent, and defensible.
2.1
Wellness Kitchens: eighty-four hundred to ten thousand eight hundred rupees per square foot, by finish.
2.2
Wellness Wardrobes: seven thousand three hundred twenty.
2.3
A typical ten-by-ten kitchen: twelve to fifteen lakhs, excluding accessories, appliances, and GST.
3.1
Included: SilverStone cabinets and shutters, internal shelves, soft-close hardware, factory fabrication, transport, and installation.
3.2
Quoted separately: accessories, appliances, premium upgrades.
3.3
And the customer's scope — electrical, plumbing, civil — goes into a written scope matrix before confirmation.
3.4
No surprises.
4.1
The guarantees do the selling: twenty-five years, unconditional, on the stone.
4.2
Ten years on hardware.
4.3
Two on lighting.
4.4
And twenty-five complimentary annual services — deep cleaning, sanitisation, alignment.
5.1
When price pressure comes, anchor it: wood material under one hundred rupees a square foot.
5.2
SilverStone, around five hundred.
5.3
A Magppie kitchen, eighty-four hundred to ten-eight all-inclusive — while a branded wood kitchen costs about the same and brings toxins and maintenance with it.
6.1
On payment milestones: the schedule starts with a fifty percent advance, and your wellness consultant confirms the full schedule during the design phase.
6.2
Do not quote a full split from memory — the standard is under review.
7.1
Your pricing notes.
7.2
One — kitchens eighty-four hundred to ten-eight per square foot; wardrobes seven thousand three hundred twenty; a ten-by-ten kitchen, twelve to fifteen lakhs.
7.3
Two — guarantees: twenty-five years on stone, ten on hardware, two on lighting, and twenty-five annual services.
7.4
Three — never cheap, discount, or negotiate.
7.5
Four — on the payment split, only the fifty percent advance is common ground; the consultant confirms the rest during design.
8.1
Fixed price.
8.2
Complete transparency.
8.3
Never the words cheap, discount, or negotiate.
8.4
Quiz time.